By trying to type in copying and
pasting, I messed up a bit.
So we have the finished version
of it I made available.
You can find it on my GitHub repo
while at the works are finished,
so you can clone this version and then.
Run NPM install and NPM run Dev.
I'll just talk about what we have here.
One thing that we did is
to define vertical and
we define a hitter source and
it has source requested.
up top, you can create it
in the render function too.
And we initialize while we initialize our
module we enable xR and
appends the AR button.
We create a button and
Is a required feature we add hit
test because we're going to use that.
We add the controller and
create a on select
events add event listener
to our controller.
In our on select function we are looking
to see if the reticle is visible.
If it's visible, we already
defined that there is a surface so
we don't have to do anything.
If not, then we can create a geometry,
which is the reticle itself.
Well, sorry, create the geometry of the,
whatever we want.
In our case, it's the earth.
And sets the mashes position
from where the reticle is.
So set from matrix position and
reticle that matrix will take
the exact position of the reticle and
assign it to the mesh.
And then finally we add
our mesh to our scene.
So basically what is going to happen
is first we are going to look for
the surface.
And if we can find the surface we
are going to create a new mesh and
add that to our scene afterwards.
So It won't be flying on the air or
it won't be created right away.
And in our render function
what we are doing is checking
if we have xR session available
by checking to see if
our render function has
the XR frame available.
If you are not in a XR session, what will
happen is you will have the time stamp,
but you won't have the XR frame.
So I'm not going to correct the spelling
of XR frame seems like it is
working correctly.
So one thing I'm doing
in this specific case,
first thing I created was an earth and
I want it to be visible
before a user gets into
any immersive experience.
The reason is that it's really annoying
to not know what you're going to
see in an immersive experience
before you go into it.
So it's a better very way of
having a user interface is to show
them what they will see first before
they go into the immersive experience.
So since I know that we are in
an immersive experience because of
the wire frame.
I'm going to change the visibility
of the earth and to false.
I could also dispose this object so
that I won't have anything
until I find a surface and
then creates the object in that surface.
One thing that we are checking
is our reference space.
Reference space defines how are experience
are going to be used by our user.
For example, you one of your option
is to have your user sit down and
just interact in this small environments.
The other one is standing up like this and
not moving so much from where we are.
We also have an option to have infinite
amount of space which means that you
can go from one room to the other and
your experience still will follow you.
And then we are checking
the session getting the session,
which will bring us the XR manager which
has some of the methods that we will use.
And if the hit test source
request is equal to false,
then we set the request
reference base to viewer and
then request the hit test source
after that with that information.
And we add a end event, which is
going to be the end of our session.
And we have to just clean
out our data source.
Finally, if we have the hitter source,
we are getting the results
which is going to be an array.
And if we have anything in our array,
we take the first which will be
the first place that we select and
put our reticle there and
then get the position of the post
to put the reticles matrix
to the right place.
Let's see what happens when we run it
seems like people are able to run it.
That's great.
If you're still having
an issue please let me know.
And we do have the port running.
And let's go do this.
Okay, good.
Click inspect.
So this is the earth.
It doesn't have [LAUGH]
The materials that we had.
Sorry about that.
But this, I want it to be disappear
after I go into an immersive experience.
So I'm going to do that
I have the saturd And
I click on the AR session now.
I lost that one.
Now I'm looking for a surface and
if you are not able to see
any surfaces keep looking around and
finally you will hit it.
And if you still can't find it,
one of the problems could be either
you don't have a clean enough surface or
you don't have enough light.
So when I click it, there will be new
objects created in these locations.
So now, as you can see,
they are stable in their position and
they are not moving with the experience.